it's six days since the Bears emerged
and spring is advancing rapidly but even
now blizzards can strike without warning
being so small the Cubs are easily
chilled and they will be more
comfortable resting in the den but their
mother must keep them out and active
she's becoming weak from hunger and
there's no food on these nursery slopes
the CI still holds firm but it won't
last much longer day ten and the mother
has led her cubs a mile from the den
it's time to put them to the test
they've grown enormously in confidence
but they don't have their mother's sense
of urgency
at last it seems that they're ready for
their journey and only just in time for
a few miles from the coast the ice is
already splitting
now the mother can start hunting for the
seals they must have but she's leading
her cubs into a dangerous new world
nearly half of all Cubs die in their
first year out on the earth
you